Credentials (#2829)
XRPLF/xrpl.js: packages/xrpl/HISTORY.md

## Unreleased Changes

### Added
* `parseTransactionFlags` as a utility function in the xrpl package to streamline transactions flags-to-map conversion

> * Support for XLS-70d Verifiable Credentials

Author: made the change, thanks for the clarification

>   * New transactions CredentialCreate, CredentialAccept, CredentialDelete

Reviewer: I feel lines 10-12 can be removed because XLS-70d conveys enough information, but I don't feel too strongly about it

Author: I don't feel strongly about it either, just felt its nice to have in case someone didn't fully read the spec they still get a high level of what new transactions were added

Author: sure, made the change

>   * new `Credential` ledger object

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * New ledger object `Credential`
```
(just to be consistent with the other bullet)

Author: removed

>   * Update `DepositePreauth` ledger object and transactions with Credential support

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Update `DepositPreauth` ledger object and several transactions with Credential support
```

Author: removed
